only one subtitle of hdblog asus
michael konyves 2014 with the zcs series of
las vegas
a few months ago a few weeks ago and one
really very much product range
interesting is this zen
phone 4 or 4 inches
wg therefore has 800 x 480 pixels with a
the oee really well made for everything
a particular skin is very pretty is
easy to use very immediate and
readable for all options
therefore important in part messaging
very well made telephone part
all the part of the notifications with
these icons are easy to click and
also a different quiz management
compared to Android here with a kind of
notification schedule on what
happens and appointments or other messages
that we have inside the device
we find an intel processor is the
model z 50 to 25 20 of 1.2 gigahertz
obviously a gigabyte of ram memory e
4gb over cd rom with microsd ignition
volume rocker off
5 megapixel rear camera with
autofocus misses the flash here in the winter
speakers know here next to the
camera here the usb is a hole made a
really much aesthetics and materials
very nice metal finish very
comfortable pocket and 4,000 04 you clean
this is 6 this is 5 here it is
iphone 5 is always obviously intel core
therefore the possibility of having the
processor, however, a little bit faster
because we have a 2 c jazz with the fom 25
80 in this case, however, the ram is always
one gigabyte while the display is a 5
inch hd costumization
customization is practically similar
with the hiv developed by asus a lot
very nice functional that the icons
always the same positioning
for switching on and off volume
rear camera of this case the
cover is lightly rubberized with one
very nice glossy finish
now here in purple but it's really a
well-distinctive color here the flash
tour this micro usb side under with
the microphone and above the jack for le
TV headphones 25 mm camera of course
classic front speaker we have
the lancer which is divided into several sections
they can then be customized throughout
the zen phone product range therefore
of asus is based on the android version
2.3 and that can obviously be later
updated in the future camera with
all the asus settings we have
also seen a part on james on fabs
four with so many many options
features scenes that can be
operated and a room and that in this
case is 8 megapixels plus 2 megapixels
front to the cell phone 5 is here
too many pockets alongside the 6 model
inches that
and obviously a little bit bigger like
the size the oe the interface is always
the same we always have a processor
from 2GB on Saturday 25
But here the display is that six inches hd
ram and remains a jig always button
switching off, however, positioned in the part
lower than camera volume
with flash the finish is like the cell
phone 5 camera in this case from 13
megapixel then a step up 2
megapixel front-facing 3.5mm jacks
microphone for the noise situation
bottom microphone and usb
here the grid for the soil
the speaker and the usual keys
fronts with the same oye that
we have seen so far but I must say
an oye that convinced me a lot for
originality however and pleasantness with
this gives all the interface to i
zen phone we close let's say the
overview of the asus alongside the pad
sewers that we have already shown you
a small preview then a puzzle
a tablet that can be turned into
phone or better a phone instead
and the oe can be transformed into a tablet
also here resumes that of the zen
phone and even here we have a processor
intel atom 1.6 ghz with camera from
8 megapixel camera at
pixel master technology that allows
capture images even in conditions
of poor light of good discrete
so even without the use of flash
that in fact it is still possible to ad
have good photo quality
3.5 mm jack below the connector
owner because it clearly goes
engage in the legendary pad with station
in this case the pathé was 7
inch hd while phone and 14
double thumb www.ge classic
insertion and insertion engagement
engagement that goes to activate the patmos
passion in the moment that is battery
in this sport station it is unloaded then
the display does not activate a product e
that therefore to all the dna of asus in the
small pocket-sized pub phone one
interesting solution will come soon
in Italy the zen phones instead a
a little later but still cheerful
but they too not only so many of the three
hdblog da nicolò